# Programming With JavaScript #

### With JavaScript there are many different things to learn. It is a deep but complex language. In this lesson we dove deeper into the different types of operators that JavaScript has to offer. The operator basically performs some operation on one or more operands and spits out a result. For example, if we were to code 3 + 4 in this code the operator would be the + and the operands would be 3 and 4. Javascript has unary, binary, and ternary operators. The unary operator must have a single operand either before or after the operator. The binary operator must have two operands with one before the operator and one after. The ternary operator or conditional operator takes three operands. You also have operators that allow you to assign a specific value to something, otherwise known as assignment operators which uses the = sign. There are also operators that let you compare different operands to each other and also there are logical operators that allow for the use of boolean values. If you want to do some arithmetic there's also an operator for that as well. ###

### Another interesting feature with Javascript that the reading touched on briefly, was control flow. Essentially code is executed from the first line to the last line in the code. This is the standard control flow, but it can be altered by using conditionals and loops. You can write code using a conditional statement that tells the code to do this when that specific condition is met, thus changing the flow of the code. You can also have your code iterate through a loop to for instance, extract a specific number in an array of numbers. ###
